uh, one story I can think of that really kind of capsule. It's what I
do and why I do. What I do is, uh, one specific time. I remember, um,
while to play with the Marines in Afghanistan. Um, I have an opportunity
to lead worship and to also, um, offer what we would call the
Lords Lords prayer. And in a church, it's very formal with with gold
plates and very reverent. But this particular opportunity was with
Marines coming off of the battlefield. And as we pass around ah ah,
makeshift plate with with bread broken up, tow watch and to observe,
um, greasy and or bloody hands from individuals just coming back from
air wing and from combat and dealing with death and toil and disruption.
And to have an opportunity Thio have community together was
really and really personal and something that I'll never forget